README.md, before:

:warning: *Use of this software is subject to important terms and conditions as set forth in the License file* :warning:

# ZendeskSDKConversationKit for iOS

The ZendeskSDKConversationKit library is used to communicate with the Zendesk Sunshine Conversations backend in iOS projects.

## Documentation

You can find our documentation on https://developer.zendesk.com/embeddables.

## Feature requests and issues

All feature requests and issues are welcomed. Please see our [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to find out how to contact us.

## Copyright and license

Copyright 2020 Zendesk

By downloading or using the Zendesk ZendeskSDKConversationKit SDK, You agree to the Zendesk Master
Subscription Agreement https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#master-subscription-agreement and Application Developer and API License
Agreement https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#application-developer-api-license-agreement and
acknowledge that such terms govern Your use of and access to the ZendeskSDKHTTPClient SDK.

If You make any Contributions (defined below) to the ZendeskSDKConversationKit SDK, 
You hereby grant Zendesk a royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, 
irrevocable and perpetual license to incorporate into the Service or the Zendesk API 
or otherwise use and commercially exploit any Contributions. “Contribution” shall mean 
any work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to the Mobile SDK 
or derivative works thereof, that is submitted to Zendesk by You.

Commit message:

Add documentation for versions: 3.1.0, 4.0.0, 4.0.1, 4.0.1, 4.1.0, 4.1.1 and 5.0.0

README.md, after:

:warning: *Use of this software is subject to important terms and conditions as set forth in the License file* :warning:

# ZendeskSDKConversationKit for iOS

The ZendeskSDKConversationKit library is used to communicate with the Zendesk Sunshine Conversations backend in iOS projects.

## Documentation

You can find our documentation on https://developer.zendesk.com/embeddables.

## API reference documentation

You can check the [API documentation](https://zendesk.github.io/sdk_conversation_kit_ios/) for Swift and Objective-C. In addition, a [DocCArchive](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/distributing-documentation-to-external-developers#Send-a-documentation-archive-directly-to-developers) is also attached to every GitHub release. Download the file, open it and Xcode will add it to the Imported Documentation section of the documentation viewer.

## Feature requests and issues

All feature requests and issues are welcomed. Please see our [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to find out how to contact us.

## Copyright and license

Copyright 2020 Zendesk

By downloading or using the Zendesk ZendeskSDKConversationKit SDK, You agree to the Zendesk Master
Subscription Agreement https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#master-subscription-agreement and Application Developer and API License
Agreement https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/#application-developer-api-license-agreement and
acknowledge that such terms govern Your use of and access to the ZendeskSDKHTTPClient SDK.

If You make any Contributions (defined below) to the ZendeskSDKConversationKit SDK, 
You hereby grant Zendesk a royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, 
irrevocable and perpetual license to incorporate into the Service or the Zendesk API 
or otherwise use and commercially exploit any Contributions. “Contribution” shall mean 
any work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to the Mobile SDK 
or derivative works thereof, that is submitted to Zendesk by You.
